---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
layout: single
author_profile: true
---
Hey, my name is Jacob, and I’m an aspiring controls engineer who recently completed a master's degree in Mechanical Engineering at the University of British Columbia with the Control Engineering Laboratory. Throughout my studies I developed a keen interest in the intersection of control theory and machine learning and how aspects of machine learning can be used and adapted to improve the performance of more traditional control algorithms. At the moment, I reside in beautiful Vancouver, Canada and am seeking opportunities to pursue my interest in bridging the gap between control theory and machine learning to solve complex control problems in our everyday world.

My academic background is in Engineering Physics, which I majored in during my undergraduate degree at Queen's University.  While at Queen’s, I was able to develop a strong fundamental understanding of key concepts in math, physics, and computing amidst a small group of bright, driven and like-minded peers. Upon graduating, I was able to apply this knowledge to a large-scale, open-ended design problem while working as a research engineer out of the CEA Paris-Saclay in France for a year. My work focused on streamlining the electronics as well as the data acquisition and analysis software associated with the operation of a spherical gaseous dark matter detector. It was my time with the Queen's Space Engineering Team working on developing prototype Mars Rovers, however, that truly sparked my interest in controls, ultimately leading me to pursue a master's degree with a focus in Control Engineering.

Beyond engineering, controls, and machine learning my interests are quite wide ranging. On one hand I love taking time for myself, settling into the couch to read the latest from Michael Connelly or playing “rockstar” in my bedroom while pop-punk blasts through my headphones. On the other hand I’m a very social person and thoroughly enjoy snowboarding, camping, or hiking with a group of a friends. I’m also an avid leafs/raptors fan (having been born and raised just outside Toronto, Canada) and love the comradery that comes with this fandom as much as I love the sports themselves.

Personality wise I’m easy going, mild mannered (provided I’m not watching sports), and quick to try and find humour in just about every situation. I am an avid learner who is always consuming new information (often to the detriment of a good night’s sleep), and am at my most productive when I have a full workload. If you think I may be the right fit to work with you or your company, or simply found a point of interest on my website and want to have a discussion please reach out, I’d love to connect. 
